# The-best-customizable-products-you-can-3D-print-to-make-money-in-2022
Although 3D printing has been around for a long time now, the utilization of the technology in product printing is something that has started in recent years.  It is no more restricted to industrial applications and is now also available for home users as well. One of the best parts about owning a 3D printer is that you can create just about anything, and the only limit is your imagination. The making of products is much easier now with 3D printers. One can print the objects in one go or if the object is larger than the print space, or can print the parts of the products and then connect those together to create the final product.<br>
Many companies have already made 3D printing a part of their overall manufacturing process. Since a 3D printing machine is quite expensive, there are also many companies that provide customized 3D printing services. As the competition grows and with it, the consumers demand for unique and highly customized products, 3D printing is becoming a preferred method of manufacturing. Here is a list of options that you can 3D print:<br>
1 	Architectural models: 3D printing has made everything easier for each profession. One example is the utilization of 3D printers for making architectural models. Designing is an important pillar in the architectural industry. Creating 3D models is useful for every construction project. Before the advent of 3D printing, traditional methods were used that took up a lot of time and effort. Moreover, the finishing was not always satisfactory and accurate. Now, with 3D printing, these models can now be created in less than half the time and can also be made with durable materials. <br>
2. Phone case: Smartphones are everywhere. Users go to lengths to ensure that their phones are the most unique and distinct ones. Hence the use of customized mobile covers has increased as well. Using 3d printing, one can create customized mobile cases with unlimited designs. The demand for mobile cases also varies in terms of style and durability. Some prefer stylish cases while some want strong cases for rough handling of phones. <br>
3. Designer flower vase: although flower vases can be created with traditional methods, they all have a few common challenges in the manufacturing process. Firstly they are difficult to carve, are usually heavy, and are also very brittle. Using 3D printing, you can bid all these challenges adieu and create masterpieces that are not possible with conventional methods. <br>
4. Eyeglass frames: Eyeglass frames are not always cheap. In addition to this, they are also expensive and do not guarantee comfort. When made in bulk quantities, users often gave problems adjusting to a new frame. The cost of getting a customized frame for your face shape is also quite expensive when done using traditional methods. However, with 3D printing, the cost can be brought down. One can easily make a profit by entertaining around 1 or 2 percent of the market. <br>
5. Earbuds: Earbuds with unrivaled sound quality can also take a back seat in popularity if they are not comfortable for the user’s ears. This problem can be tackled with 3D printers. Many companies now provide 3D printing services in India. They create 3Dprinted earbuds that take the size of the user’s ear and provide the highest level of comfort along with design customization.  <br>
6. Jewelry: 3D printing provides freedom of designing and expression. This can be effectively applied to fashion accessories. Accessories like earrings and rings can be easily customized. You cannot just create your own designs but also provide nickel-free jewelry. Nickel can cause allergies to some people and with 3D printing, you can use any material you desire to create your product. <br>
7. Miniature figurines: Figurines are high in popularity nowadays. People want miniature figurines of their favorite movie character or k-pop idol. Thus these can bring a lot of business in no time. Many adults would pay a hefty amount for a customized version. These also require less setup cost and can be printed easily with the help of printing services in India. <br>
3D printing is a progressive technology. This is mainly because of its incredible versatility. The things that we could not accomplish before can be created now with the help of 3D printing. Looking at the prospects, one can easily make out the profits associated with the business.<br>

3D printing can be a very lucrative business if you find the right products to manufacture. However, buying a 3D printer can be a heavy investment, especially if one wants to start a small business. There are many 3D printing services in India that provide services at affordable rates. They provide low-volume manufacturing services where one can make as few as 50 units. Thus, hiring <a href="https://www.exelus3d.com/">customized 3D printing services</a> is a great option for people looking to produce a few products for their start-up business. <br>
